#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\master Report.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Page 9: Comments and conclusion.
 Here, you can convey issues you may have had, or things you’ve learned/not
 learned in this project.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We designed and simulated a differential, three stage amplifier with bias
 circuitry that met the specifications and minimized power.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We learned to reduce a potentially very high dimensional problem of sizing
 a multistage circuit to a managable, lower dimensional space using assumptions
 about the relative scale of factors and simplifying design choices.
 Being more familiar with the relative scales and contributions of circuit
 parameters such as capacitances and conductances would have certainly expedited
 the design process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As our first circuit design project, we were tripped up by things we had
 not encountered before.
 Having not worked with differential circuits before, we did not discover
 a bug from not connecting the sources of our differential common source
 stages in our SPICE deck for days.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
